[Music]
Hello very good how are you my
dear Lovers of the heart in this
video we are going to deal with a topic that
is somehow related to
the heart with television and with the
characters that we usually follow but it is a
more serious topic I like more
especially to deal with topics of fun topics with
which we laugh and topics that
we have a good time with but from time to
time I also like to
tell serious things because we have to give
voice to how society is many times
and that in this world unfortunately there are
all kinds of people before continuing
and starting with the topic and in
depth I wanted to send a big
hug to all of you who follow us from
all parts of Spain and even
those people who are Spanish and are
interested in the pink press of Spain the
pink world of the heart of Spain but
are in other countries because they have
had to go to work abroad or
whatever and even so with this magic that
the internet has Thanks to us you
find out about all these things that happen
on television here there are many
places where maybe you don't
know but as much as the
internet exists and  no matter how many
platforms they have, the programs are not broadcast
because there is a country blockade and they cannot be
seen there, because these programs that
we have and that are broadcast here, no. So he
finds out very few things. No,
thanks to us, so we give him
more information. This case, the
Yoyas case, is a case that is truly
outrageous to people, it is a case
in which I think someone wants to
laugh at us and wants to take us for
fools, and it also invalidates the criticism that
some of us make about Irene Montero's new law
on gender violence.
One thing is that we are critical of the
errors that this law has, which must be
repealed because it is a law that benefits
women more than men in a way that is contrary to the Spanish Constitution, and another thing is that
this man comes along and wants to unite
the person who has been harmed by
this law. I have known parents
who have been seriously harmed
by this law, okay? There are even people who have had
their children taken away from them,
accusing them of abuse without even
any proof, why, because this law
can lead to a night in
jail simply by filing a complaint.  of
a woman can make you go
many months without seeing your children because
your wife
wants to forbid you from seeing them and what she
does is accuse you of abuse because
once a woman accuses you of
abuse according to this law you do not have the
right to see your children until the
matter is clarified Simply because they
accuse you So it is a law contrary to
the Constitution because in the
Constitution it is supposed to
prevail
the presumption of innocence of all
Spaniards this man Carlos Yoya wants to
compare his case with those
fathers who have suffered or those
men who have been abused by their
ex-partners
using the law of gender violence
the law of gender violence this one we
currently have would be
perfectly fine and I do not doubt that it was surely
created with the best of
intentions but that would be if we lived
in a society in which people did not
have bad intentions in which
people did not take this law and instead of
using it to defend themselves they used it
as a weapon in this country there are many
women who use this law as a
weapon that they pick up the phone and call to
report their  innocent husbands because
the accounts don't add up because they are
spiteful because the husband wants to
leave them because the husband whatever okay
because suddenly they get angry because maybe
he is a husband and has a new
partner and doesn't want to let him see the children
for many reasons okay there are bad men
and there are bad women the case of me is
completely different and this man
has to be very thick-skinned to
try to compare himself with for example
Carlos Salgado Rafael Marcos and those types
of men who have
suffered because of this unjust law Carlos The me already shows up at the interview in the world with a t-shirt saying I am the victim I am a victim of the law of gender violence no Carlos no in the trial a lot of evidence was presented including calls in which
this man spoke to you in a quite
inappropriate way for saying something not quite
inappropriate for saying something to the mother
of his children through his own
young daughter okay these are conversations that the
truth is should never have existed
and strong I mean no matter how much you go
crazy no matter how much there is a moment of
heat it is very strong and I imagine
that  when the mother recorded that
conversation it's because there were already many
conversations and it was already common and she knew
that by hitting record something she was going to
collect no the issue here is that the
judges are very clear in all
instances By the way in Antena 3 when they have
put the images and have read the
statement because the joyas has sent a
statement first he has
sent a video statement to the
program and then the lawyer of the yo has
also already sent a statement to the
program that I am going to read to you
below because as Antena 3 It is
dangerous to put images I have written it
here okay
says the lawyer of the yoyas who
actively and passively told his client
when he was interviewed by the world
a few days ago to turn himself in, to
turn himself in once and for all not only to his
client but he has asked the people
around him to convince him and to
please ask him to comply with that
sentence and listen to the judges to
comply with the order of entry into
prison in force that he has there is a
request
from the lawyer okay the defense of Carlos
Yoya has done something well
exceptional it is something that does not happen very
often but it has done him  a request to
the judges for a review of the Sentence
because they understand that
new evidence has appeared according to them okay according to
them new evidence that is subsequent to the
moment in which the Supreme Court
issued the sentence the sentence that we
know today is that the
Supreme Court should pronounce itself again okay it
is really very unusual for
this to be a review of the Sentence okay
a review of the Sentence because
new evidence appears it would have to be
evidence that is completely
decisive Or rather, it is suddenly that
after the Supreme Court
rules there is evidence that shows
that this man is innocent
imagine what I am
saying to you or rather it is very complicated
imagine that there is an episode in which
Faina accuses this man of having
hit her a few times on such a day such a
time in such a place and now it turns out
that a security camera appears
after there is a Sentence
and that some security cameras appear
in which it is seen that it is she who
hit him and that she has lied
okay in that case if there is a review of the
Sentence but in today's case in the
case of the most holy that we have  that there is no I don't
know what has appeared
according to these people to review the
sentence or rather the result is going to be the
same evidently Okay According to
Carlos Georgia's entourage there is not the
slightest intention
to turn himself in okay And also By the way I'm
going to put here a screenshot that
our dear Paola Calvo has put Paola
we send you a huge kiss No here
Here it tells you what a
Sentence Review is no This is an
extraordinary resource provided for in the law
by which The convicted person intends to have
the final sentence reviewed because they
consider that the evidence or testimonies
are false that material justice was not done
according to its truth the
Supreme Court must annul or
confirm the sentence that is in question
is what I'm telling you I mean it has to be
completely irrefutable evidence it
has to be something that you say
my goodness it is true it is that they have made a
mistake okay
one important thing now with this to
finish the video no that do you remember that I
told you at the time that
people were outraged at how the
world had been able to locate this
man and the police had not and I told you It's that
the police are not looking for him properly Well  It
turns out that Faina was talking
to the police after
this man did the interview in the
woods and the police told her. So they
weren't looking for him, let's see,
there's a search and arrest warrant, but
in reality it's an order that
simply states that if they find him, they
capture him, okay. And apart from that, I imagine that there will
be a, I don't know for sure, eh. But
I imagine that there will be like one, like an
addition to the days that he is not
complying, I imagine that there will be an
extra punishment. It's not that he is
disobeying a sentence, which in
fact is a crime. Okay, so there will be
some added mobility. It's that the
police are not combing the country,
combing the area, or looking for him with their
cars. No, no, there is no deployment
looking for Yoyas. If someone says, hey, I've
seen him here, then they go and grab him,
but that they are looking for him is not the
police, they are with other things, the police
are doing their job and their functions
and they are not going to start looking for Yoya, it
is not a priority case at the moment
that they find him.  the moment they
find him, they arrest him, okay, at a
gas station on the highway, they
stop him with the car, someone should tell them
where he is in the forest. Okay, but they're not
looking for him, I mean, basically they
're not looking for him and what this man is
doing is adding years to his sentence. I mean,
imagine if they suddenly came out on
probation to annul the sentence. Okay,
the one for drinking, he's committing a crime
of disobedience. Okay, family. A
big hug. See you in the next
video and nothing. A big hug.
[Music]